MathHelpers fix (#216)
Agoric/documentation: main/ertp/api/math-helpers.md

# MathHelpers
AmountMath is about doing math operations on `amount`s, which are extents labeled with a brand.
AmountMath uses MathHelpers to do its extent arithmatic operations. It then brands the results,
creating a new `amount`. 

There are three different types of MathHelpers, each of which implements all the methods shown 
on this page. You only have to specify the MathHelper type when creating an `issuer`; it then knows
which type's operations to use on itself. 

There are three types of MathHelpers, each of which implements all of the same 
set of API methods (i.e. MathHelpers are polymorphic):
- `nat`: Used with fungible assests.
- `strSet`: Used with non-fungible assets.

> - `set`: Used with sets of objects, primarily non-fungible assets.

Reviewer: I think this isn't explaining the difference between `strSet` and `set` correctly. Both are for nonfungible assets and implement set logic (or to be pedantic, logic similar to set logic). The only difference is that `strSet` has elements that are only strings, but in `set` the elements are records with keys and values. Maybe 
```suggestion
- `strSet`: Used with non-fungible assets, operates on an array of string identifiers
- `set`: Used with non-fungible assets, operates on an array of records (objects) with keys and values
```

Use `produceIssuer(allegedName, mathHelpersName)` to specify which type of MathHelpers
your contract uses. The second parameter, `mathHelpersName` is optional and defaults 
to `nat` if not given. For example
```js

> produceIssuer('quatloos`); // Defaults to 'nat'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
produceIssuer('quatloos'); // Defaults to 'nat'
```

produceIssuer('quatloos', 'strSet');
produceIssuer('quatloos, 'set');
```
For more details on the MathHelper types, see the [ERTP Guide's MathHelpers section](https://agoric.com/documentation/ertp/api/math-helpers.html)

::: warning MathHelpers versus AmountMath
MathHelper operations should not be used on their own. Instead, you 

> should first make a local version of AmountMath as shown below.

Reviewer 2: I think this is conflating two different points.

 * it's better to use AmountMath to group the operations together because it gives you more type coherence and is easier to manage, and
 * Issuers will happily give you an AmountMath object to use, but it will normally be remote. You get better performance by making a local version.

Reviewer: Yeah, I think we should always recommend making a local AmountMath, though, and should never suggest using the remote AmountMath. I like the explanation as it is, I think it's short and more focused on what you *should* do than an academic explanation
